hey guys so today I wanna bring you a
video on summer foot care and you guys
requested this a while ago but I didn't
want to break to you until I found stuff
it actually worked for me and you guys
know I'm not really a big fan of my feet
I have bunions I have like really really
long toes my looks like a size 12 but I
have bunions here on the side and then
my toes are like really long with balls
at the end so I've never really been
proud of my feet make especially in my
heels started to like a little bit oh my
gosh and I like to go barefoot so my
feet are not as soft and smooth as other
peoples are but I want to bring you a
couple things that I've been loving that
I've been doing it's really helped you
get beautiful feet for summer that are
cracking your scaly you know that look
manicured and turned in nice so I guess
I'll start off with products and a
couple of things you guys can use and I
know this looks super security it's like
a cheese grater for your feet but it
works this is actually something hang
out at the dollar store and it comes
with a pun upon my thigh and it comes
with a brush on the other side comes
with like a cheese grater for your feet
on this side and it comes with like a
nail file a buffing pad on the side I
don't really use his side much but what
I actually do if you guys have really
really thick skin on your feet and if
it's cocky if it's flaky or something I
would definitely recommend using this
now what you want to do is actually get
your feet wet and soak them in a bathtub
for a while if you guys go with this at
your feet and they're dry it's not gonna
work too much but go beat your feet wet
it'll kind of soften the skin and you
can get this and you can actually start
to rub off some of that dryness that um
just kind of like that cocky heel
syndrome you know what I need now the
thing about this is that you don't want
to go too far because if you do he can
leave your heel really really tender so
you know keep your an eye on it when
you're doing it and watch what you're
doing don't just go and then half of
your heel is gone
uh-huh because this is literally a
cheese grater for your foot you do need
to be careful but it's great if you use
it right and then you can also use the
site just to buff off the rest or for
your toes and then this pumice pad if
you've done a heel let's say that you
did this yesterday but you still have a
little bit more heel crap you wanna get
off you can use this but I really love
this it was only a buck at the dollar
store you can get multiple ones I
replace them depends on how often I use
them but generally after like a month or
so just because you know they're wet and
it happen stuff on them but I would
recommend this is one of the best ways
and the most effective ways to get rid
of
else's to get rid of dry cracked heels
on anything like that so this is a vet
anybody good and it's only a dollar
maybe a dollar or like what Oh nine or
Oh 8 with tax
I recommend it though the next thing
that I would recommend is a really nice
foot moisturizer or foot treatment this
is one from exhibits which actually does
skin care and this is called heal repair
so what happens is that when I'm done
using this I'll usually put this on
because it really helps to lock and
moist you to my foot and really help it
out so and Polly drops the acids which
is a a and PHA the formulation to gently
effectively exploit and repair dry scaly
even calloused and cracked feet has Pro
e and skin conditioning oils to soothe
and refresh tired feet and they do end
up pretty silky smooth when I'm done
with this I do use this first and yes
it's supposed to exploit but this kind
of gets whatever this doesn't just
because this is cheese grater and a
little bit uneven now the thing with
this a lot of people want to put this
stuff on and then either go walk around
the house which won't work because it'll
come off or they want to put this on and
put a plastic bag over your feet please
do not put a plastic bag over your feet
because that will stop your skin on your
feet from getting air and oxygen like we
need and it can cause problems what I do
is I allow that this on my feet and that
big fuzzy socks on the fuzzy socks still
allow my skin to breathe you know
through there
but this but they also really keep this
locked in and against my foot so that it
does the job
um and then I can walk around without
like getting foot cream all over my
house but I really do like this it'd be
about a week or so to actually see
results I was expecting immediate
results but that didn't really happen
but I do like it it doesn't smell bad
yes see I've used a bit and it's kind of
like settled but I definitely would
recommend this I don't know how
expensive it is I don't think it's that
bad but I like it
and this is more of like a moisturizing
foot treatment exfoliator the next thing
that I also love is volcano from lush
this one smells though this one smells
like I don't know it's not a super good
smell it reminds me of being in the snow
and skiing like a cabin up in Tahoe but
the problem is it's not like a good
that's like firewood but you know
firewood not really smells really good
instead of it smells good and bread wood
cabin smell good but that's not
smells like but it reminds me of being
up there so I must have some memory
where this was smelling I don't know
exactly what it is though I just got
some on my lip but very interesting
smell but I actually love this so this
is supposed to be a mask for your feet
and it's supposed to blast away the dead
skin freshen up your feet yeah it has
enzymic papaya you guys know papaya is
amazing I will link you to a video about
papaya to tell you why it's so good for
your skin they are on the right track
they're using it on your feet that comes
with tomato and stimulating cinnamon
maybe it's the cinnamon that I smell I
don't know but you can plaster it out to
clean dry skin wrap up and put your feet
for up for 10 minutes then scrub it off
and this is more like a mask you scrub
an office you don't have to scrub off I
absolutely love this it definitely makes
my feet smell very very good and if I
exploit before like on the very very
bottoms of my feet I can actually like
feel it tingling and it's not stinging
but it's like I can feel it working like
if you put a cleanser on your skin or
something I really really like this it's
not that expensive it's from lush it's
eco sustainable it's friendly not too
strong animals I really love this and it
helps my feet with party for summer and
the very last tip that I have is
actually to get a pedicure and the
reason why is because if you can file
your nails or do it yourself then go for
it but whether you do it or whether
someone else does it it's really just a
great way to get just a beautiful
looking foot then you have toenail
polish on it kind of distracts from
anything else it kind of cleans
everything up and all your nails are
filed the same way it just makes it look
really really pretty and this is just an
orange one that reminds me of a
creamsicle and I love to eat cream
skulls during this summer because I love
ice cream so it makes me happy and you
know we're just so in this summer but
whether you do it or whether someone
else does it a pedicure is a great idea
also when you get a pedicure whether you
do it yourself or someone else does it
you should do it with oils but if yo L
is great foot oil you can use whatever
you want but those are really gonna help
moisturize the feet so that can prevent
that dry cracked happening from the
first place so pedicures and using oils
to moisturize your feet but those are my
tips for summer foot care that's what I
would recommend to you guys that's what
I've been doing and my feet the shape is
still the same but they're not as
cracked and they're not as dry and
everything like that so I'm really
really happy about it but I love you
guys so much hope you guys enjoyed this
video and please tell me what you have
been using for your feet or what you
like
which you don't like her if you've tried
these and if you like them or if you
know or how you feel about cheese grate
in your feet cuz I never thought I would
enjoy cheese creating my feet but I do
so I love you guys so much hope you
enjoyed this and I'll talk to you soon
love you guys bye